Dev tools: update metamask add network guide (#411)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/tools/wallets/metamask/add-polygon-network.md

---
comments: true
---

!!! warning "Content disclaimer"

    Please view the third-party content disclaimer [here](https://github.com/0xPolygon/polygon-docs/blob/main/CONTENT_DISCLAIMER.md).

!!! tip "Installing MetaMask"

    Please make sure you have already installed **[Metamask](https://metamask.io/)**!

To track your assets and send transactions on any of the Polygon networks using MetaMask, you need to add the respective network configurations to the wallet.

> In this doc, we go over and demonstrate a few different ways to do this for Polygon PoS testnet (Amoy) and mainnet. You can use the same methods to add Polygon zkEVM to your MetaMask wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this doc, we demonstrate a few ways to do this for Polygon PoS testnet (Amoy) and mainnet. You can use the same methods to add Polygon zkEVM to your MetaMask wallet.
```

- [Importing other tokens](../metamask/add-polygon-network.md#importing-other-tokens)

## Using ChainList

1. Depending on the network profile that you want to add to your MetaMask wallet, use one of the following links to navigate to the respective ChainList page.

    - [Polygon PoS testnet (Amoy)](https://chainlist.org/chain/80002)
    - [Polygon PoS mainnet](https://chainlist.org/chain/137)
    - [Polygon zkEVM testnet (Cardona)](https://chainlist.org/chain/2442)
    - [Polygon zkEVM mainnet](https://chainlist.org/chain/1101)

2. Select the **Add to Metamask** option on the page. This brings up your MetaMask wallet.

    ![chainlist-1](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-1.png){width=50%}

3. Select the **Approve** option. This lets ChainList add the network configuration such as the network RPC URL, the chain ID, etc., to your MetaMask wallet.

    ![chainlist-2](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-2.png){width=50%}

4. Finally, select **Switch network** to switch to Amoy testnet in MetaMask.

    ![chainlist-3](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-3.png){width=50%}

> 5. You'll now be able to see your MATIC balance on Amoy. You'll also be able to switch between Amoy and other networks directly from the drop-down menu in the top-left corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. You can now see your MATIC balance on Amoy. You'll also be able to switch between Amoy and other networks directly from the drop-down menu in the top-left corner.
```

    ![chainlist-4](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-4.png){width=50%}

## Using Polygonscan

1. Navigate to the [Polygonscan website](https://polygonscan.com/).

> 2. Select the network you want to add to your MetaMask wallet from drop-down list in the top-right corner of the home page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the network you want to add to your MetaMask wallet from the drop-down list in the top-right corner of the home page.
```

    ![polygonscan-1](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/polygonscan-1.png){width=50%}

3. The explorer window refreshes and loads the explorer home page for the network you selected.

> 4. Next, scroll down to the bottom of the page, and click on the button in the bottom-left corner prompting you to add the network your MetaMask wallet. For instance, in the case of Amoy testnet, the button says **Add Polygon Amoy Network**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Next, scroll down to the bottom of the page, and click on the button in the bottom-left corner prompting you to add the network to your MetaMask wallet. For instance, in the case of Amoy testnet, the button says **Add Polygon Amoy Network**.
```

    ![polygonscan-2](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/polygonscan-2.png){width=50%}

5. Select **Approve** from the MetaMask window. This allows the explorer to add the network configuration to your wallet.

    ![polygonscan-3](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/polygonscan-3.png){width=50%}

6. Finally, click on **Switch network** to switch to your selected network.

    ![polygonscan-4](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/polygonscan-4.png){width=50%}

7. You'll now be able to see your MATIC balance on Amoy. You'll also be able to switch between Amoy and other networks directly from the drop-down menu in the top-left corner.

    ![polygonscan-5](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-4.png){width=50%}

## Add a network manually

> MetaMask gives you the option to add a network profile manually. We'll look at how to input the valid network RPC URL, chain ID, and other information for the network you want to add to the wallet. The following table contains the mainnet and testnet network configurations for Polygon PoS and zkEVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetaMask gives you the option to add a network profile manually. Let's look at how to input the valid network RPC URL, chain ID, and other information for the network you want to add to the wallet. The following table contains the mainnet and testnet network configurations for Polygon PoS and zkEVM.
```

|         Network         |                 RPC URL                  | Chain ID | Native token |             Explorer URL              |
| :---------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :------: | :----------: | :-----------------------------------: |
|       PoS mainnet       |    https://polygon-mainnet.infura.io     |   137    |    MATIC     |       https://polygonscan.com/        |
|   PoS Amoy (testnet)    |   https://rpc-amoy.polygon.technology    |  80002   |    MATIC     |     https://amoy.polygonscan.com      |
|      zkEVM mainnet      |          https://zkevm-rpc.com           |   1101   |     ETH      |     https://zkevm.polygonscan.com     |
| zkEVM Cardona (testnet) | https://etherscan.cardona.zkevm-rpc.com/ |   2442   |     ETH      | https://cardona-zkevm.polygonscan.com |

1. Start by selecting the drop-down menu from the top-left corner in MetaMask.

    ![manual-1](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/manual-1.png){width=50%}

> 2. Select "Add network" option at the bottom of the drop-down list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Add network** option at the bottom of the drop-down list.
```

    ![manual-2](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/manual-2.png){width=50%}

> 3. This will bring up the MetaMask settings page in your browser. Select the **Add a network manually** option at the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. This brings up the MetaMask settings page in your browser. Select the **Add a network manually** option at the bottom of the page.
```

    ![manual-3](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/manual-3.png)

> 4. This will take you to a form with multiple fields where you'll need to enter the network configuration (as highlighted in [the table above](#add-the-polygon-network-manually)) for the network you're looking to add in your MetaMask wallet. The following image shows the entries for PoS Amoy testnet. Fill in the network config, and select **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. This takes you to a form with multiple fields. Enter the network configuration (as highlighted in [the table above](#add-the-polygon-network-manually)) for the network you want to add to your MetaMask wallet. The following image shows the entries for PoS Amoy testnet. Fill in the network config, and select **Save**.
```

    - [Polygon zkEVM testnet (Cardona)](https://chainlist.org/chain/2442)
    - [Polygon zkEVM mainnet](https://chainlist.org/chain/1101)

2. Select the **Add to Metamask** option on the page. This brings up your MetaMask wallet.

    ![chainlist-1](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-1.png){width=50%}

3. Select the **Approve** option. This lets ChainList add the network configuration such as the network RPC URL, the chain ID, etc., to your MetaMask wallet.

    ![chainlist-2](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-2.png){width=50%}

4. Finally, select **Switch network** to switch to Amoy testnet in MetaMask.

    ![chainlist-3](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-3.png){width=50%}

> 5. You'll now be able to see your MATIC balance on Amoy. You'll also be able to switch between Amoy and other networks directly from the drop-down menu in the top-left corner.

Reviewer: You can now see

Reviewer: You can also switch

    ![polygonscan-1](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/polygonscan-1.png){width=50%}

3. The explorer window refreshes and loads the explorer home page for the network you selected.
4. Next, scroll down to the bottom of the page, and click on the button in the bottom-left corner prompting you to add the network your MetaMask wallet. For instance, in the case of Amoy testnet, the button says **Add Polygon Amoy Network**.

    ![polygonscan-2](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/polygonscan-2.png){width=50%}

5. Select **Approve** from the MetaMask window. This allows the explorer to add the network configuration to your wallet.

    ![polygonscan-3](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/polygonscan-3.png){width=50%}

6. Finally, click on **Switch network** to switch to your selected network.

    ![polygonscan-4](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/polygonscan-4.png){width=50%}

> 7. You'll now be able to see your MATIC balance on Amoy. You'll also be able to switch between Amoy and other networks directly from the drop-down menu in the top-left corner.

Reviewer: You can now

    ![polygonscan-5](../../../img/tools/wallet/metamask/chainlist-4.png){width=50%}

## Add a network manually

> MetaMask gives you the option to add a network profile manually. We'll look at how to input the valid network RPC URL, chain ID, and other information for the network you want to add to the wallet. The following table contains the mainnet and testnet network configurations for Polygon PoS and zkEVM.

Reviewer: Let's look
